[0.3.0] lockup: Add lockup options (#89)
near/core-contracts: lockup/README.md

all tokens until `cliff_timestamp`.
Once the `cliff_timestamp` passed, the tokens are vested on a pro rata basis from the `start_timestamp` to the `end_timestamp`.

### Release schedule

The release of tokens can also be scheduled to be linear from the moment transfers are enabled.
To achieve this it's possible to specify release duration. Once the transfers are enabled, the release schedule will
start from the timestamp of the vote.

> Release schedule can't be terminated by the foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release schedule can not be terminated by the foundation.
```
